welcome back to movie on today i'm going
to explain the movie called primal from
2010.
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
and i hope you enjoy it
at the beginning of this movie we saw
that an ancestor was painting something
on the wall but suddenly someone came
from behind and killed him
in the next scene we saw some boys and
girls they were anthropologists
and emma got the news from her uncle
that they had found some old paintings
in a mountain
and they were going to that mountain
after some time they found the mountain
they were excited after reaching the
mountain in the next scene we saw that
they got out of their car and started to
climb the mountain because they wanted
to see that painting with their own eyes
we saw that chad called mel to get down
but mel told him to get up
because they wanted to get to that
painting through a cave so that they can
get to that painting faster
but suddenly chris stopped and called
emma but emma was so scared chris took
her with her on the other side we saw
that chris and emma's friends had gone
too far ahead
we saw that emma was so scared inside
the cave and she was breathing so
heavily
she was suffocating inside the cave and
that's why emma could not control her
body and got hit in the wall of the cave
as a result she got a little cut in her
hand and some blood dropped on the floor
of that cave and emma fainted right
there
after seeing this chris screamed for
help
after some time all of them took her out
of the cave will gave the medkit to
chris but mel told him to help as well
when emma stood up dace told them that
emma will go through the mountain with
the car
and the others will go through the cave
all of them agreed to this
in the next scene we saw that the inside
situation of that cave was shaking up
because of emma's blood and we saw the
shake in the water as well
after some time we saw that all of them
had reached the opposite side of the
cave with their belongings
all of them were so surprised after
seeing the opposite side of the cave
because the view of that place was so
mesmerizing
suddenly they noticed a rock there were
some paintings on that rock and they
came here this far to see these
paintings
in the next scene we saw that all of
them put down their tents and lit a fire
because they will stay there to examine
these paintings
but suddenly will and emma found a pond
by their tents they were so happy to see
that pond they went closer to the pond
will picked up a bottle from the pond
and some strange bugs were eating the
plastic bottle
will got so scared after seeing this and
dropped that bottle from his hand
after some time all of them went to
examine those paintings except for chris
and mel but emma and will were so tired
and that's why they went back to their
tents
but dace and chris stayed there
chris was taking pictures of those
paintings
but suddenly something bit chris and
then we saw that all of them went to
their tents and sat by the fire to take
a rest
but mel went to the pond to swim
chad was also there when mel came out of
the pond her body was covered with
leeches
chad got so worried after seeing this
and called all of them to see that all
of them pulled out those leeches from
her body mel was so scared and worried
and that's why she went back to her tent
to take a rest
after some time mel had a high fever
emma went there to see her emma noticed
that her mouth was bleeding and she was
losing her teeth as well emma told chad
to call dace to help them mel's
situation was getting worse emma told
mel to lay down and take a rest
on the other side we saw dace tell chad
that leeches were never harmful to us
she went to the water and maybe that's
why she got a fever and just for this i
can't go away from here leaving these
paintings
but then emma came out of the tent to
convince dace he went inside the tent to
have a look at mel after that dace came
outside and asked them if they knew
anything about the nearby cities
chad told him that yes i know then dace
told him that if you leave with mel now
then you will reach the city tomorrow
morning and until then i will complete
my research about these paintings
after that days put mel in the car and
he noticed that those tiny bugs had
eaten the car's tires
and that's why dace took her back to the
tent and laid her down to take a rest
meanwhile something was coming out of
her gums
the next morning we saw that everyone
was packing their stuff
and then chris noticed mel and walked
slowly towards her
mel was eating something
when chris touched her shoulder mel
looked back and chris got so scared
after seeing her face
mel pushed her away and made a jump
after that she attacked chad
everyone was so scared after seeing mel
like this
but then day scared her off with fire
after some time she ran away from there
but she had bitten chad in his hand
chris was looking at the photos of those
paintings that she clicked she told
everyone that these paintings are not a
story these paintings are a warning for
us
dace asked her to look at those photos
very closely maybe we can get some help
from the warning to treat mel
chad told him that yes we must treat her
on the other side we saw that mel was
killing all the living animals of that
forest and she was storing them into the
cave
after that the cave was swallowing those
bodies
in the next scene all of them made a
plan and started working according to
their plan
they made a trap
when the trap was ready dace told chad
to wait there and when mel will come for
you you will have to run away from her i
will wait with the rope
whenever mel will come near the trap i
will jump from the tree with the rope so
that we can trap her in this net dece
told them to go in different directions
to look for mel
chris asked him that how are we supposed
to find her days told them to move the
fire so that mel would get scared of the
fire and run from them
but only chad will have no fire to him
remember one thing you must take care of
this fire to save yourself from mel
after saying this dace climbed up the
tree the others went to the forest to
look for mel
chad was so scared about all of this
suddenly mel came in front of emma emma
stopped her with fire but her fire was
about to go off but suddenly will came
there and stopped her with his fire and
then they ran away from here but mel was
after them
mel saw that chad didn't have any fire
to him and she jumped towards chad but
when she was about to attack him dace
pulled the rope and mel got trapped
inside the net
she was trying to destroy the net and
she was successful after she got out of
the trap she killed will and went after
dace
but emma stopped there to help will on
the other side chris noticed that mel
had run away from there
dace was safe from her since he went
under the water dace came out of the
water and checked his body for leeches
but everything was normal at night all
of them were talking about this incident
but then suddenly mel came there and she
started to eat the dead body of will and
after that she took his dead body with
her she threw his half-eaten body inside
the cave
but suddenly they started to feel sick
and they realized that it was happening
because of the lake water chris asked
them what should we do now
chad told her that now we need to kill
dace
emma got so terrified after hearing this
from chad
chad told them that if we don't kill him
then he will turn into something like
mel and we must kill him
they played a game to decide who would
kill dace
emma lost the game and chad gave her a
knife to kill dace
emma tried to kill him but she could not
do it but she took a rock and hit his
head with a rock and dace died in the
next scene all of them walked slowly
towards their car so that they could get
a weapon from the car
but suddenly mel came in front of them
chad was so scared to see her and mel
bit him after that mel went after emma
on the other side we saw that chris
reached the car but emma went inside the
cave while running
but emma noticed that mel was standing
outside the cave and she was not
entering the cave it seemed like she was
so scared of this cave
on the other side we saw that chris was
looking for a weapon in the car and dace
came there
somehow chris came out of the car with
the weapon
dace went after her dace was about to
bite her but then mel came there and
stopped him
and then they took chris to that cave
emma had the fire in her hand and dace
ran away from there in the next scene we
saw that emma and chad were walking
towards the cave
emma had the weapon that chris took out
of the car
then she noticed that mel was eating the
left out body of will
dace was beside her
chad got mad at them after seeing this
he went there and started fighting with
dace and emma stopped mel with the fire
dace and chad fought with each other
very brutally
and after the end of their fight both of
them died
mel and emma were the only survivors
emma picked up the weapon and slowly
walked towards the cave
emma went inside the cave but mel stayed
outside
emma realized that maybe someone else
was inside the cave
emma started to breathe heavily suddenly
she saw chris and got so scared
after that we saw emma was slowly taking
her to the outside of the cave but then
we noticed that chris's belly was
getting bigger and bigger but suddenly
something attacked emma's leg and
chris's belly exploded and a strange
creature came out of her belly but chris
killed that creature
emma asked chris to help her but the
creature hit chris against the wall and
she died and then a very strange
creature came in front of emma it did a
very strange act with emma and after
doing it the creature let her go
emma picked up her weapon and attacked
the creature
after attacking it emma started to run
away from there but the creature was
after her but emma came out of the cave
at the right time
the strange creature could not come out
of the cave
but suddenly mel attacked her but emma
broke her spine and destroyed her head
with a big rock and at last mel died
emma was the only survivor among them
to watch more explanations of these
kinds of movies click on the videos on
your screen and don't forget to let me
know how you feel about today's video in
the comments down below and at last i
will say stay safe stay well thanks